# FACENET : A UNIFIED EMBEDDING FOR RECOGNITION AND CLUSTERING
 
It is an open source project library that’s helps to increase model characteristic by working on its performance and the most important it’s accuracy because at last this matters only. This is implemented using well performed platform named python as the developing language and torch which uses both power of CPU and power of GPU. As there are many other models there but we choose this one because accuracy its offer is top notch. This model is developed using dlib, its an CV2 module for deep_learning and with inbuilt library which was face_recognition. The main and most important focus of the above model is the real-time face_recognition. Torch is basically a very famous framework with over very large dataset of usually over more than 600K images all over and then these images are passed over the Neural_Network for the procedure of features abstraction  and then those images are thrown in the neural_network face-Net as this model is basically a triplet loss and this going to help computing accuracy of face clusters. When the appearances are standardized by OpenCV's Affine change so all countenances are arranged a similar way, they are sent through the prepared neural net in a solitary forward pass. These outcomes in 128 facemask embeddings exploited for a directive for managing or can even be operated in a consortium calculation for closeness position.

The Triplet loss helps us in very efficient way such that it decreases the distance between an input image and the image which is located in the database. Such that in reverse it increases the distance between those which are not likely to be an input image and image of people which is different.
